README.md, before:

# Advent of Code

We collect solutions to the [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/) here.

## Last Years

- [2022 Advent of Code](2022.md)

## Solutions for the [Advent of Code 2023](https://adventofcode.com/2023)

### [Day 9](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/9) 🏝️

1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day09/mod.rs) by [migerh]
1. [Python](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-09/day09.py) by [yogan]

### [Day 8](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/8) 🐪👻

1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day08/mod.rs) by [migerh]
1. [Python](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-08/day08.py) by [yogan]

### [Day 7](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/7)

1. Rust [main.rs](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day07/mod.rs) [hand.rs](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day07/hand.rs) by [migerh]
1. [Python](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-07/day07.py) by [yogan]
1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day07.dart) by [traveling-developer]

### [Day 6](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/6)

1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day06/mod.rs) by [migerh]
1. [Zig](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-06/src/main.zig) by [yogan] *(including a memory leak… ☠️)*
1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day06.dart) by [traveling-developer]

### [Day 5](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/5)

1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day05/mod.rs) by [migerh]
1. [Python](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-05/day05.py) by [yogan]
1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day05.dart) by [traveling-developer]

### [Day 4](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/4)

1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day04/mod.rs) by [migerh]
1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day04.dart) by [traveling-developer]
1. [DDP - Die Deutsche Programmiersprache](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-04/Tag4.ddp) by [yogan]
1. [Dart](https://github.com/henninge/aoc-2023/tree/main/04/04.dart) by [henninge]
1. [Python](https://github.com/besrym/Advent-of-Code-2023/blob/main/day_4/day4.py) by [besrym]

### [Day 3](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/3)

1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day03.dart) by [traveling-developer]
1. [Python](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-03/day03.py) by [yogan]
1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day03/mod.rs) by [migerh]

### [Day 2](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/2)

1. [Dart](https://github.com/henninge/aoc-2023/tree/main/02/02.dart) by [henninge]
1. [Clojure](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-02/src/advent_of_code_template/core.clj) ([tests](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-02/test/advent_of_code_template/core_test.clj)) by [yogan]
1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day02.dart) by [traveling-developer]
1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day02/mod.rs) by [migerh]
1. [Python](https://github.com/besrym/Advent-of-Code-2023/blob/main/day_2/day2.py) by [besrym]

### [Day 1](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/1)

1. [Python](https://github.com/besrym/Advent-of-Code-2023/blob/main/day_1/day1.py) by [besrym] ☃️
1. [Dart](https://github.com/henninge/aoc-2023/tree/main/01/01.dart) by [henninge]
1. [fish](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-01/day01.fish) ([tests](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-01/test.fish)) by [yogan]
1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day01.dart) by [traveling-developer]
1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day01/mod.rs) by [migerh]

[migerh]: https://github.com/migerh
[traveling-developer]: https://github.com/traveling-developer
[yogan]: https://github.com/yogan
[besrym]: https://github.com/besrym
[henninge]: https://github.com/henninge

Commit message:

Add solutions for day 8 and 9 in Dart

README.md, after:

# Advent of Code

We collect solutions to the [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/) here.

## Last Years

- [2022 Advent of Code](2022.md)

## Solutions for the [Advent of Code 2023](https://adventofcode.com/2023)

### [Day 9](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/9) 🏝️

1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day09/mod.rs) by [migerh]
1. [Python](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-09/day09.py) by [yogan]
1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day09.dart) by [traveling-developer]

### [Day 8](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/8) 🐪👻

1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day08/mod.rs) by [migerh]
1. [Python](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-08/day08.py) by [yogan]
1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day08.dart) by [traveling-developer]

### [Day 7](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/7)

1. Rust [main.rs](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day07/mod.rs) [hand.rs](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day07/hand.rs) by [migerh]
1. [Python](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-07/day07.py) by [yogan]
1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day07.dart) by [traveling-developer]

### [Day 6](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/6)

1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day06/mod.rs) by [migerh]
1. [Zig](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-06/src/main.zig) by [yogan] *(including a memory leak… ☠️)*
1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day06.dart) by [traveling-developer]

### [Day 5](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/5)

1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day05/mod.rs) by [migerh]
1. [Python](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-05/day05.py) by [yogan]
1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day05.dart) by [traveling-developer]

### [Day 4](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/4)

1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day04/mod.rs) by [migerh]
1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day04.dart) by [traveling-developer]
1. [DDP - Die Deutsche Programmiersprache](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-04/Tag4.ddp) by [yogan]
1. [Dart](https://github.com/henninge/aoc-2023/tree/main/04/04.dart) by [henninge]
1. [Python](https://github.com/besrym/Advent-of-Code-2023/blob/main/day_4/day4.py) by [besrym]

### [Day 3](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/3)

1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day03.dart) by [traveling-developer]
1. [Python](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-03/day03.py) by [yogan]
1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day03/mod.rs) by [migerh]

### [Day 2](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/2)

1. [Dart](https://github.com/henninge/aoc-2023/tree/main/02/02.dart) by [henninge]
1. [Clojure](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-02/src/advent_of_code_template/core.clj) ([tests](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-02/test/advent_of_code_template/core_test.clj)) by [yogan]
1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day02.dart) by [traveling-developer]
1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day02/mod.rs) by [migerh]
1. [Python](https://github.com/besrym/Advent-of-Code-2023/blob/main/day_2/day2.py) by [besrym]

### [Day 1](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/1)

1. [Python](https://github.com/besrym/Advent-of-Code-2023/blob/main/day_1/day1.py) by [besrym] ☃️
1. [Dart](https://github.com/henninge/aoc-2023/tree/main/01/01.dart) by [henninge]
1. [fish](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-01/day01.fish) ([tests](https://github.com/yogan/advent-of-code/blob/main/2023/day-01/test.fish)) by [yogan]
1. [Dart](https://github.com/traveling-developer/Advent-of-Code/blob/main/2023/lib/day01.dart) by [traveling-developer]
1. [Rust](https://github.com/migerh/aoc-2023/blob/main/src/day01/mod.rs) by [migerh]

[migerh]: https://github.com/migerh
[traveling-developer]: https://github.com/traveling-developer
[yogan]: https://github.com/yogan
[besrym]: https://github.com/besrym
[henninge]: https://github.com/henninge
